README.md, before:

# Just Checking In (JCI)
> Working title.

> This project is still way in development. Go away.

## Idea
JCI is an application to manage and track your physical and mental welbeing via goals.
The user sets a goal for a period of time, and a goal.

### Goals & Tasks
There are some key differences between Goals and Tasks. Goals are the overarching "goals" if you will, the big achievement you are building up to. Tasks are the things inside of Goals that help you get there.

Goals can be broken up into sections called Stages. In each stage, the tasks may differ slightly. Task are smaller stepping stones that help you achieve your goal. Each Stage ends with a Milestone Task. If the Milestone Task is completed, the Goal moves into it's next stage. At the end of the final Stage is the Ulimate Task, which is the Goal. If you complete that, you complete the Goal. Users can share Goals and progress with each other through the Marketplace and Social Features respectively.

An example goal might look something like this:

- Goal: Run 5km in 25 minutes
    - Stage 1: Run 5km in 35 minutes
        - Go for an untimed 5km run
        - Leg excercises
        - Milestone: Run 5km in 35 minutes
    - Stage 2: Run 5km in 30 minutes
        - Run 3km in 20 minutes
        - Run 6km in 50 minutes
        - Milestone: Run 5km in 30 minutes
    - Stage 3: Run 5km in 25 minutes
        - Run 4km in 25 minutes
        - Run 5km as fast as you can
        - Ultimate Task: Run 5km in 25 minutes

Commit message:

name change from JCI to Goalkeeper... there wasn't actually that much to change... - name change :) - removed some redundant README.md files - fixed some incorrect default database config values

README.md, after:

# Goalkeeper
> This project is still way in development. Go away.

## TODO: Write this documentation

## Idea
Goalkeeper (originally JCI, Just Checking In) is an application to manage and track your physical and mental welbeing via goals.
The user sets a goal for a period of time, and a goal.

### Goals & Tasks
There are some key differences between Goals and Tasks. Goals are the overarching "goals" if you will, the big achievement you are building up to. Tasks are the things inside of Goals that help you get there.

Goals can be broken up into sections called Stages. In each stage, the tasks may differ slightly. Task are smaller stepping stones that help you achieve your goal. Each Stage ends with a Milestone Task. If the Milestone Task is completed, the Goal moves into it's next stage. At the end of the final Stage is the Ulimate Task, which is the Goal. If you complete that, you complete the Goal. Users can share Goals and progress with each other through the Marketplace and Social Features respectively.

An example goal might look something like this:

- Goal: Run 5km in 25 minutes
    - Stage 1: Run 5km in 35 minutes
        - Go for an untimed 5km run
        - Leg excercises
        - Milestone: Run 5km in 35 minutes
    - Stage 2: Run 5km in 30 minutes
        - Run 3km in 20 minutes
        - Run 6km in 50 minutes
        - Milestone: Run 5km in 30 minutes
    - Stage 3: Run 5km in 25 minutes
        - Run 4km in 25 minutes
        - Run 5km as fast as you can
        - Ultimate Task: Run 5km in 25 minutes
